Add Generate Qlhelp preview command (#988)
github/vscode-codeql: extensions/ql-vscode/CHANGELOG.md

- Fix a bug with importing large databases. Databases over 4GB can now be imported directly from LGTM or from a zip file. This functionality is only available when using CodeQL CLI version 2.6.0 or later. [#971](https://github.com/github/vscode-codeql/pull/971)
- Replace certain control codes (`U+0000` - `U+001F`) with their corresponding control labels (`U+2400` - `U+241F`)  in the results view. [#963](https://github.com/github/vscode-codeql/pull/963)
- Allow case-insensitive project slugs for GitHub repositories when adding a CodeQL database from LGTM. [#978](https://github.com/github/vscode-codeql/pull/961)

> - Add a _CodeQL: Preview Query Help File_ command to generate and preview query documentation in markdown format from a .qhelp file. [#988](https://github.com/github/vscode-codeql/pull/988)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add a _CodeQL: Preview Query Help_ command to generate Markdown previews of `.qhelp` query help files. See https://codeql.github.com/docs/codeql-cli/testing-query-help-files for more information about query help. [#988](https://github.com/github/vscode-codeql/pull/988)
```

Reviewer: I think you have managed to duplicate this changelog entry :)

- Replace certain control codes (`U+0000` - `U+001F`) with their corresponding control labels (`U+2400` - `U+241F`)  in the results view. [#963](https://github.com/github/vscode-codeql/pull/963)
- Allow case-insensitive project slugs for GitHub repositories when adding a CodeQL database from LGTM. [#978](https://github.com/github/vscode-codeql/pull/961)
- Add a _CodeQL: Preview Query Help_ command to generate Markdown previews of `.qhelp` query help files. This command should only be run in trusted workspaces. See https://codeql.github.com/docs/codeql-cli/testing-query-help-files for more information about query help. [#988](https://github.com/github/vscode-codeql/pull/988)
- Make "Open Referenced File" command accessible from the active editor menu. [#989](https://github.com/github/vscode-codeql/pull/989)
- Add a _CodeQL: Preview Query Help File_ command to generate and preview query documentation in markdown format from a .qhelp file. [#988](https://github.com/github/vscode-codeql/pull/988)

> - Add a _CodeQL: Preview Query Help_ command to generate Markdown previews of `.qhelp` query help files. See https://codeql.github.com/docs/codeql-cli/testing-query-help-files for more information about query help. [#988](https://github.com/github/vscode-codeql/pull/988)

Reviewer 2: There are some outdated copies of the changelog entry here! The top one looks most correct, so you can delete the others :)
